README.md, before:

# Discord Video Sharing [![status-badge](https://git.mylloon.fr/Anri/dsr/badges/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://git.mylloon.fr/Anri/dsr/actions?workflow=release.yml)

Tool for sharing video to Discord.

## Download/Install/Update

2 choices :

- Manually head to [the release page](https://git.mylloon.fr/Anri/dsr/releases/latest).
- Download it via PowerShell:

  ```powershell
  irm -UserAgent '_' https://git.mylloon.fr/Anri/dsr/raw/branch/main/install.ps1 | iex
  ```

### Linux

Install from AUR: [dsr](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/dsr)

## Available flags

You can add thoses flags in the `Target` field of your Windows shortcut.

|                   |                                                        |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `/nitro`          | Increase the file limit to 500Mo                       |
| `/nitrobasic`     | Increase the file limit to 50Mo                        |
|                   |                                                        |
| `/nvenc_h264`     | Enable NVenc with H.264 encoder (for NVidia GPU)       |
| `/nvenc_h265`     | Enable NVenc with H.265 encoder (for NVidia GPU)       |
| `/amd_h264`       | Enable AMF using DX11 with H.264 encoder (for AMD GPU) |
| `/amd_h265`       | Enable AMF using DX11 with H.265 encoder (for AMD GPU) |
| `/h265`           | Enable the H.265 CPU encoder                           |
| `/bitrateratio=1` | Change the ratio for the bitrate, default to 1         |

> NVidia and AMD hardware accelerators are faster than CPU counterparts.

> H.265 means slower compression but usually smaller files

> `bitrateratio` option allows you to change the bitrate, if the file you want to compress
> is either too small or too big.

## More info

- [x] KISS interface
  - [x] Support drag&drop into the icon
- [x] Keep the video under discord limitation
  - [x] Defaults to H.264 CPU encoder
  - [x] If already under the limit, the file won't be compressed
  - [x] NVenc support
  - [x] AMD cards acceleration support
  - [x] Nitro suppport
- [x] Merge 2 audio files into one track when recorded with system audio and microphone
      split up, while keeping the original ones (with conveniant metadata)
  - [x] Works also with file with only one or more than 2 audio track, by doing
        nothing
- [x] Support multiples files at once
- [x] Always optimize for video streaming
- [x] Customizable bitrate

<!--
## Package the app for Windows on Linux

```bash
npm i --platform=win32
npm run make -- --platform=win32
```

It will create a ZIP folder in `./out/make`.
-->

Commit message:

refactor(breaking): FFmpeg builder, cli args change, new encoders, tweaks and fixes (#36)
- Less error-prone as we don't do string interpolation everytime we call ffmpeg, we will rely on our builder that will do the bare minimum
- So all error related to ffmpeg will be in our ffmpeg-mega-class-that-do-all-the-interpolation

Goal:
- [x] `toString`/`build` shouldn't be doing much checks, just putting the ffmpeg commands together
- [x] Checks should be done individually in daisy calls
- [x] Do some testing on Windows
- [x] Split the `toString` logic into multiple pieces
- [x] Tests

---

This PR have a lot more going on that a simple refactor. There is a lot of optimization and fixes that came from the new way of creating ffmpeg commands.

- H265 2pass
- 1 file merging audios
- 10 bit CPU fallback
- Better GPU acceleration support
    - Don't 2pass as its not supported (previously we were encoding files 2 times for nothing)
    - Add flags to specific hw encoders so it produce better files (!! need testing : are we exceeding file size limits?)
        - Talking about : VBR/maxrate/bufsize, multipass encoding for nvenc, transcoding preset for amf

Reviewed-on: https://git.mylloon.fr/Anri/dsr/pulls/36
Co-authored-by: Mylloon <kennel.anri@tutanota.com>
Co-committed-by: Mylloon <kennel.anri@tutanota.com>

README.md, after:

# Discord Video Sharing [![status-badge](https://git.mylloon.fr/Anri/dsr/badges/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://git.mylloon.fr/Anri/dsr/actions?workflow=release.yml)

Tool for sharing video to Discord.

## Download/Install/Update

2 choices :

- Manually head to [the release page](https://git.mylloon.fr/Anri/dsr/releases/latest).
- Download it via PowerShell:

  ```powershell
  irm -UserAgent '_' https://git.mylloon.fr/Anri/dsr/raw/branch/main/install.ps1 | iex
  ```

### Linux

Install from AUR: [dsr](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/dsr)

## Available flags

You can add thoses flags in the `Target` field of your Windows shortcut.

|                   |                                                         |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `/nitro`          | Increase the file limit to 500Mo                        |
| `/nitrobasic`     | Increase the file limit to 50Mo                         |
|                   |                                                         |
| `/nvidia`         | Use you NVidia GPU with NVenc                           |
| `/amd`            | Use your AMD GPU with DX11 on Windows or VAAPI on Linux |
| `/qsv`            | Use your Intel (A\|G)PU with QSV API                    |
| `/vulkan`         | Use your GPU with Vulkan API                            |
|                   |                                                         |
| `/h264`           | Enable the H.265 encoder (default)                      |
| `/h265`           | Enable the H.265 encoder                                |
| `/av1`            | Enable the AV1 encoder                                  |
| `/vp9`            | Enable the VP9 encoder                                  |
|                   |                                                         |
| `/bitrateratio=1` | Change the ratio for the bitrate, defaults to 1         |

> `bitrateratio` option allows you to change the bitrate, if the file you want to compress
> is either too small or too big.

## More info

- [x] KISS interface
  - [x] Support drag&drop into the icon
- [x] Keep the video under discord limitation
  - [x] If already under the limit, the file won't be compressed
  - [x] Defaults to H.264 CPU encoder
  - [x] GPUs support
  - [x] Nitro suppport
- [x] Merge 2 audio files into one track when recorded with system audio and microphone
      split up, while keeping the original ones (with conveniant metadata)
  - [x] Works also with file with only one or more than 2 audio track, by doing
        nothing
- [x] Support multiples files at once
- [x] Always optimize for video streaming
- [x] Customizable bitrate

<!--
## Package the app for Windows on Linux

```bash
npm i --platform=win32
npm run make -- --platform=win32
```

It will create a ZIP folder in `./out/make`.
-->
